 Crushes buildings with his BEAR hands.  You wouldn’t think that Argus would need this much defending.  But it does. To his credit, Deathwing really took to heart the feedback he was receiving that he needed to be "more of a team player". Drek'thar can't see, but he can <i>see</i>. You know what I mean? It's ok if you don't. A little flea powder will fix that right up. Only goblins would think this was a good idea. Even they are starting to have their doubts. Is there anything worse than a Windspeaker with halitosis? The shrapnel is waaaaay worse than the explosion. Easily worth 50 DKP. Kel'Thuzad could not resist the call of the Lich King. Even when it's just a robo-call extolling the Lich King's virtues. He was <i>this close</i> to piloting a massive juggernaut into Stormwind Harbor. If it weren't for those pesky kids! If the Holy Light forsakes you, good luck casting this spell.  Also, you're probably a jerk. "Kill!", he commanded. Yeah, it's cooler in the shade, but you're also more likely to get JACKED. It is true that some druids are savage, but others still enjoy a quiet moment and a spot of tea. It's like putting racing stripes and a giant spoiler on your hero power. It takes a lot to wind him up. She accepts guild funds for repairs! Still fearsome in the daytime. Imps are content to hide and viciously taunt everyone nearby. They initially planned to be the Beryl or Cerulean drakes, but those felt a tad too pretentious. Banned from every all-you-can-eat buffet on Azeroth. Goes by "MC ElfyElf". Not a good basis for a system of government. He likes to act like he's in charge, but the silverback matriarch actually runs things. "Void!  Here, void!  Here, buddy!" "Who let the dogs out?" he asks.  It's rhetorical. In the old days, Kobolds were the finest candle merchants in the land. Then they got pushed too far... No obsidian is safe around the Obsidian Destroyer! When a Water elemental and an Ice elemental love each other VERY much... Is he aspiring or inspiring?  Make up your mind! Does he sling spells, or do his spells linger about.  Who can say? Crescendo himself summoned this steed, riding it to victory in the Grand Tournament.  Wherever he rides, an army of riders ride behind him, supporting the legendary champion. Grommash drank the tainted blood of Mannoroth, dooming the orcs to green skin and red eyes!  Maybe not his best decision. In the jungle, the mighty jungle, the lion gets slowly consumed by hyenas. Drakonids were created to have all the bad parts of a dragon in the form of a humaniod. But, like, why? If you Hex a Murloc... it really isn't much of a change, is it? His specialty? Dividing things into four pieces. Each year, folk gather in front of Blackrock Mountain to mourn those who were mind-controlled into the lava. I have great deal for you... for 4 damage to your face! Really, if you're a hero, this is <i>every</i> strike. Calling something a flamecannon really doesn't do much to distinguish it from other goblin devices. Lorewalker Cho archives and shares tales from the land of Pandaria, but his favorite story is the one where Joey and Phoebe go on a road trip. Dang.  This card is sweet.  Almost as sweet as Dessert Camel. "Get ready to strike oil!" - Super-cheesy battle cry Zombie.  It's what's for dinner. Pro tip: DO NOT BOGART THE BANANAS. They're only smiling on the outside. His whole job is yelling "Yogg-Saron comin'!" Several paladins have joined together to deliver justice under the name "Justice Force".  Their lawyer talked them out of calling themselves the Justice League. They don't make 'em like they used to! (Because of explosions, mostly.) She can't wait to learn Power Word: Fortitude Rank 2. Yep.  It's a horse... wearing armor... going to war. This spell has been renamed so many times, even paladins don’t know what it should be called anymore. A great sniper hits the spot.  Just like a delicious flank of boar. Mmmmm. "What if we put guns on it?" -Fizzblitz, staring at the spider-transportation-machine He's on fire! Boomshakalaka! His horse's name is Betsy. Once a noble dragon known as Neltharion, Deathwing lost his mind and shattered Azeroth before finally being defeated.  Daddy issues? He doesn't even get Sundays off.  Every day he's hostling. MOM! DAD! DON'T TOUCH IT! IT'S EVIL!!!!!! If you don't want to be assassinated, move to the Barrens and change your name. Good luck! You can usually find these at the totemist's market on Saturdays. They can see the future.   In that future both players draw more cards.   Spoooky. Fierce monkey.  That funky monkey. Perdition's Blade is Ragnaros's back-up weapon while Sulfuras is in the shop. Playing this card makes you SMARTER.  And let's face it: we could all stand to be a little smarter. What do they roar? Nobody can quite tell, but it sounds like "Elephant Macho Breeze".  It's probably not that, though. He gets terrible heartburn.  BECAUSE HE IS FULL OF LAVA. Burning man, brah. Do the slow chant when he waddles by: "Chug! Chug! Chug!" Maexxna gets super mad when people introduce her as "Maxina" or "Maxxy". How much more poisoned can a blade get?  The answer is a lot.  A lot more poisoned. Eggs are a good source of protein and Nerubians. These guys just show up and start Keeping your Groves without even asking. Repentance often comes in the moment before obliteration. Curious. Hey!  Moon!  Can I have some mana crystals? "As in, you MIGHT want to get out of my way." - Toad Mackle, recently buffed. Magi of the Kirin Tor were casting Cubes of Cold for many years before Cones came into fashion some 90 years ago. See?  Giant. Aren't Thistles prickly?  Why would you drink them? I don't get Rogues. When Sneed was defeated in the Deadmines, his shredder was sold at auction to an anonymous buyer. (Probably Hogger.) It Slices, it Dices. You can cut a tin can with it. (But you wouldn't want to.) Rogues love sappy movies. When he saves enough plunder, he's going to commission an enormous captain's hat.  He has hat envy. She’s smaller than her sisters Mediumwarden and Heavywarden. He'll always be our first. If you feed him, he loses his whole <i>identity</i>. I see what you did there. Every year a few paladins get disqualified from the Westfall weight lifting championship for using Divine Strength. Don't stop believing there's something below. Sometimes it feels like this is all a game. Start with a powerful minion and stir in Shadowflame and you have a good time! You don't want to be around after it has eaten an explosive trap.  You thought Sludge Belcher was bad... "Guys! Guys! Slow down!" - some kind of non-warrior minion Mogor helped reopen the Dark Portal once. You know you're in trouble when you have to rely on an ogre. "I solemnly swear to uphold the Light, purge the world of darkness, and to eat only burritos." - The Argent Dawn Oath If you hit an Eredar Lord with enough Wisps, it will explode.   But why? Druids who spend too long in bear form are more susceptible to the whispers of the Old Gods.  Right now they are whispering the lyrics to "La Bamba". The Auchenai know the end is coming, but they're not sure when. blaarghghLLGHRHARAAHAHHH!! "You go first." - Krush'gor the Behemoth, to his pet boar. The seething wrath is just beneath the surface.  Beneath that is wild abandon, followed by slight annoyance. There was going to be a pun in this flavor text, but it just came out baa-d. Twilight drakes feed on Mystical Energy.  And Tacos. "If you only use one ability, use Mortal Strike." - The Warrior Code, Line 6 People often think that Darkspeaker is the arch nemesis of Lightspeaker, but that title actually belongs to Heavyspeaker. It's good to be a knight.   Less so to be one's squire. Something about power converters. His mother wanted him to be a mage or a warlock, but noooooooo, he had to go and be a scientist like his father. It's on the rack next to ice lance, acid lance, and English muffin lance. Or if you're too tired, you can just kind of lean against the darkness. Neptulon is "The Tidehunter". He’s one of the four elemental lords. And he and Ragnaros get together and make really amazing saunas. The first time they tried to guard Silvermoon against the scourge, it didn’t go so well… Vol'jin is a shadow hunter, which is like a shadow priest except more voodoo. As far as blades go, this one is pretty great in the motivation department. He always dreamed of coming down from the mountains and opening a noodle shop, but he never got the nerve. "What is a better weapon? The sharp one your enemies expect, or the blunt one they ignore?" - The Art of Warrior, Chapter 9 Do they make decisions based on age? "I'm two minutes older therefore we burn this village." Underneath all that impressive armor, he's just skin and bones.  Okay, maybe just bones. Tundra rhinos are often mistaken for kodos.  Or am I mistaken? Not getting trampled is really the trick here. There's a whole gradient of Arakkoa! This one is on the darker side. People assume that shamans control the elements, but really, they have to ask them stuff and the elements are like, "Yeah ok, sure." If your hero doesn't attack, it's just "Silithid Loner". For seers, it's very handy to have your crystal ball hanging right in front of your face. C’Thun’s recruiting pitch involves cookies, which is why it’s the most popular Old God. "Hello. Misha, Leokk and Huffer aren't here right now, but if you leave a message we'll get back to you right away." BEEP. An umbrella won't be effective, I'm afraid. "King's Attacker" is a shield.  Funny, huh? Everyone has a price. Gnomes, for example, can be persuaded by stuffed animals and small amounts of chocolate. Just before he comes into play, there is an AWESOME training montage with C'thun. Because you're wrapped in a protective layer of… tentacles? "Shout! Shout! Let it all out!" - Advice to warriors-in-training "THEY'RE EVERYWHERE GET THEM OFF!!!" - Everyone Rogues can't stand it. They know you planned it! They are going to set you straight! During times of tranquility and harmony, this weapon was called by its less popular name, Chilly Peace Axe. The walrus of Light restores EIGHT Health. This was the only job he could get after the dinosaur theme park debacle. The best defense against King Krush is to have someone you don’t like standing in front of you. The fourth one fell off in a tragic accident.  They don't talk about it. I mean, it's not creepy if you ASK before you steal their shadow to make a small replica of them to keep on your shelf. This minion is really powerful! She’s trying to kick the habit, but still takes some mana whenever she has a stressful day. Stop! It's Twlight Hammer time. Democracy in action! It’s a Bolt.   It's made out of Shadow.   What more do you need to know! Ragnaros was summoned by the Dark Iron dwarves, who were eventually enslaved by the Firelord.  Summoning Ragnaros often doesn’t work out the way you want it to. High mortality rate, from often being hugged to death. Even after all this time, Gul'dan still makes Cho'gall go get donuts and coffee. The best offense is a good defense. Mechs like learning from him because he really speaks their language.
0110100001101001 This is better than Arcane Explosion, so I guess warriors are finally getting revenge on mages for Mortal Strike being worse than Fireball. "Hey.... Is that Mire for sale?" 
  "No.  I'm keeping it." Using this card on your enemies is one of the best things in life, according to some barbarians. No… actually you should fear the Reaper. When C'thun went to sleep, he checked under his bed for Hogger. This spell can be very Entertaining. ADD ME TO YOUR DECK, MAGGOT! Punching is its primary function. Also, its secondary function. Ysera rules the Emerald Dream.  Which is some kind of green-mirror-version of the real world, or something? Clockwork gnomes are always asking what time it is. Windfury is like Earthfury and Firefury, but more light and airy. When Deathwing assaulted the capital, this soldier was the only member of his squad to survive. Now he's all bitter and stuff. Mechs that summon mechs? What's next? Donuts that summon donuts? Mmmmm. Cults need pharmacists too. The Warsong clan is <i>such drama</i>. It's really not worth it to become a commander. Most citizens of Darkshire wear those surgical masks to prevent spreading Madness to tourists. Let's be honest. One option is a lot ragier than the other. He pays homage to Morgl, the great murloc oracle! (Who doesn't??) He is forever cursing the kids who climb on the rails and the evil archeologists who animate the exhibits. For tightening cogs and smashin' troggs! The Stormpike Commandos are demolition experts.  They also bake a mean cupcake. This champion has learned from the best.  Except for his target selection. She is still working on installing the rocket launcher add-on for Mr. Bitey. The Cult of the Damned has found it's best not to mention their name when recruiting new cultists. Lightning Bolt! Lightning Bolt! Lightning Bolt! The Scarlet Crusade is doing market research to find out if the "Mauve Crusade" would be better received. One bot's junk is another bot's AWESOME UPGRADE! If your spells look like horrifying skulls, let's be honest, you should get to draw some cards. Do NOT be late with your overdue fines. So you ripped this out of a machine, carved some runes on it, stuck it on a handle, and now it's a weapon of great divine power? Seems legit. He used to work as an accountant before he tried his hand at Berserkering. Maybe if you whistle a tune it will soothe him.  Yeah...  Try that. Sylvanas was turned into the Banshee Queen by Arthas, but he probably should have just killed her because it just pissed her off. If it breaks, just kick it a couple of times while yelling "Durn thing!" The ethereals are wrapped in cloth to give form to their non-corporeal bodies. Also because it's nice and soft. You can keep him, but you have to promise to feed him and clean out his tank every day! Chocolate lava cake is shockingly delicious. Lance Carrier is an obscure entry level position in orcish armies.  A mystery, since orcs don't generally use lances. Everybody wants someone to snuggle with. Even giant armored scaly draconic beasts of destruction. Hey man, that's cold.  Literally and metaphorically. Playing him also gets you into the Magnataur Beta. MARVEL AT HIS MIGHT! Weblords spend all day making giant trampoline parks. Try putting it on.  Wait, let me get my camera. He trained when he was younger to be an acolyte of joy, but things didn’t work out like he thought they would. Allowing totems to attack is not cheating.  I mean, there isn't anything in the rule books about it. Westfall is full of dust devils. And buzzards. And crazed golems. And pirates. Why does anyone live here? You could summon Misha, Leokk, or Huffer!  Huffer is more trouble than he's worth. For when your Auchenai Soulpriests call in sick. "Put more spikes on her.  No, more spikes.  What part of 'more spikes' do you not understand?  MORE SPIKES!" - Alexstrasza He used to be a 2100+ rated arena player, but that was years ago and nobody can get him to shut up about it. I'm not a shaman or anything, but isn't Elemental Destruction the opposite of what they want to do? The way to tell seasoned warriors from novice ones: the novices yell "wheeeee" while whirlwinding. Golems are not afraid, but for some reason they still run when you cast Fear on them.  Instinct, maybe?  A desire to blend in? First Lesson: Put the pointy end in the other guy. It's basically your own fault if you go around drinking weird green potions handed out by creepy mantid dudes.  They're just normal wisps, actually. The "Of the Old Gods" bit is just marketing. Has 20 years of training in classical ballet, but ALLLLLL he ever gets asked to do is boogie. It's nice to find a real craftsman in this day and age of mass-produced totems. Five years of tap-dancing lessons are FINALLY going to pay off! Quick! Before I drown! Let me sharpen your sword for you. You earn the title of Archmage when you can destroy anyone who calls you on it. Do you know the first rule of Brawl Club? Warning: Do not expose to direct sunlight. He didn't have the grades to get into ninja school, but his dad pulled some strings. "Take a bite outta Death." - McScruff the Deathlord Spider cocoons are like little piñatas! "Half of this class will not graduate… since they'll have been turned to chickens." - Tinkmaster Overspark, teaching Gizmos 101. Shadowbomber does her job, but she's kind of phoning it in at this point. I am not sure how you get demptioned the first time.  It’s a mystery! Healing: It grows on trees! Because EVERYDAY is the Day of the Tentacle of N'zoth. They come out at night to eat leftover mana crystals. "Mmmmmm," they say. His youthful enthusiasm doesn’t always equal excellence in his brews.   Don’t drink the Mogu Stout! It's okay, he deserved it. They like to dance to reggae. After the debacle of the Gnomish World Enlarger, gnomes are wary of size-changing inventions. "Kill 30 raptors." - Hemet Nesingwary The engineering equivalent of a "Kick Me" sticker. "I've just sucked one year of your life away." Don't summon a water elemental at a party.  It'll dampen the mood. peerc rewop He's burly because he does CrossFit. Hallazeals all your dallazamage. Some men just want to watch the world burn. He also moonlights Thursday nights as a bouncer at the Pig and Whistle Tavern. DO NOT GIVE HIM A ROOT BEER. She was born to be something.  She is just not quite sure what yet... Call her "Tweety".  She'll find it real funny.  I PROMISE. "Don't worry about me… I'll just be here... under these tentacles." What's in there? I bet it's cookie recipes! He lives in Blackrock Mountain.  He eats Gnomes.  That's pretty much it. I like it because it scales. Not only does it reveal your enemies, but it's also great for parties! "What do you get when you cast Thoughtsteal on an Orc?  Nothing!" - Tauren joke "Rise from your grave!" - Kel'Thuzad The twilight whelps are basically magic-vampires. Despite this, they are not a reference to any popular series of novels. He prefers that you refer to him by his nickname: 'Frostwaker.' The gnomes are valiant and ready to return to their irradiated, poorly ventilated homeland! No matter how many times we tell her not to, she keeps feeding C'Thun scraps under the table. Can you hold these eggs for just a second?  I promise they're not full of giant enraged undead spider things. FROST SHOCK! Druids take nourishment from many things: the power of nature, the songbird's chirp, a chocolate cake. Laying siege isn't fun for anyone.  It's not even all that effective, now that everyone has a flying mount. Orgrim Doomhammer gave this legendary weapon to Thrall.  His name is a total coincidence. After playing against 5 Annoy-O-Trons, any normal guard will become a Wrathguard. Rogue dance troops will sometimes Shadowstep away at the end of a performance.  Crowds love it. Leader of the Alliance!  Father of Anduin!  Also he likes to play Arena, and he averages 12 wins. This spell blasts you directly in the MIND. Go ahead, carve your initials in him. Y'shaarj had three sons: Mark, Theodore, and Chris. She has three shieldbearers in her party to supply her with back ups when she gets low on durability. The message, "If found, please return to Mulgore," is tattooed on his rear. If you miss, it leaves a lightning-bolt-shaped scar on your target. Oozes love Flamenco.  Don't ask. Why does a forgotten torch turn into a roaring torch with no provocation?  It's one of life's many mysteries. This spell is much better than Arcane Implosion. Mannoroth, Magtheridon, and Brutallus may be dead, but it turns out there are a LOT of pit lords. The Sholazar Basin is home to a lot of really horrible things. If you're going to visit, wear bug spray.  And plate armor. Sometimes it feels like it's always the same slackers that are waiting for a summon. Grow your own mana crystals with this Mana Crystal Growth Kit, only 39.99! He has a poor understanding of the law of diminishing returns. Rogues guard the secrets to poison-making carefully, lest magi start incorporating poison into their spells.  Poisonbolt? Rain of Poison?  Poison Elemental?  Nobody wants that. PREPARE PARTY SERVOS FOR IMMEDIATE DEPLOYMENT. Bolf keeps coming in 2nd at the Grand Tournament.  It might be his year this year, if Lebron doesn't enter. You can only pick it up if you are worthy. I <i>dare</i> you to attack Darnassus. LOVES being called "the wonder twins". Mal'Ganis doesn't like being betrayed, so if you discard him, watch out. You can hire him... until someone offers him enough gold to turn on you. What's the difference between a mage playing with Counterspell and a mage who isn't?  The mage who isn't is getting Pyroblasted in the face. Are you lighting a soul on fire? Or burning someone with your OWN soul? This seems like an important distinction. He used to run the black market auction house, but there was just too much violence and he had to move. I spell your doom... Y-O-U-R D-O-O-M! The pinnacle of goblin engineering. Includes an espresso machine and foot massager. He gets a discount on the tournament entry fee because he is his own horse. She doesn’t ACTUALLY walk on the Sun.  It's just a name.  Don’t worry! Stoneskin Gargoyles love freeze tag. I berserk, therefore I am. Often excluded from dinner parties.  To be fair, he is very boaring. Pirates are into this new fad called "Planking". They were originally called Cuddleguards, but they were not inspiring the proper amount of fear. 'Flesheating' is an unfair name.  It's just that there's not really much else for him to eat. "You won't like me when I'm angry." This is a "bearly" concealed reference. Antonidas was the Grand Magus of the Kirin Tor, and Jaina's mentor.  This was a big step up from being Grand Magus of Jelly Donuts. Do not push the big red button! Voodoo is an oft-misunderstood art. But it <i>is</i> art. The secret ingredient: liquified funnel cake. Magi conjured arcane arrows to sell to hunters, until hunters learned just enough magic to do it themselves.  The resulting loss of jobs sent Stormwind into a minor recession. Dragonkin Sorcerers be all "I'm a wizard" and everyone else be all "daaaaang". Nothing unburdens your soul like a good ushing! Meets monthly with the gladiators to discuss career goals. You don't see a lot of Dalaran warriors. If 1/2 minions are all that is defending Goldshire, you would think it would have been overrun years ago. Psst! Wanna buy a random class card (from your opponent's class)? This is the reason that Demons never really become friends with Warlocks. Mimiron likes to take the Flame Leviathan out on some sweet joyrides. He’s not really that patient. It just takes a while for someone to walk by that he can actually reach. He is sometimes found hiding in the treasure chest in the Gurubashi Arena. This card makes something really damp.  Oh wait.  That's "Humidity." She's never quite sure what she's making, she just knows it's AWESOME! First she separates them from the lights, washes them in cold water, and hang-dries. Garrosh's best buddy. It's true. Look it up. In a world where you can run to a spirit healer and resurrect yourself, Undertakers do pretty light business. "Hey! Ancestors!" - Ancestor's call He's not really all that crazy, he is just not as careful with explosives as he should be. He lobbies Orgrimmar daily on behalf of bombs. "Evil Eye Watcher of Doom" was the original name, but marketing felt it was a bit too aggressive. Hogger is super powerful. If you kill him, it's because he <i>let</i> you. He chooses to believe what he is programmed to believe! It is customary to yell "Chill out!" or "Freeze!" or "Ice ice, baby!" when you play this card. Has not been able to get "Under the Sea" out of his head for like FIVE THOUSAND YEARS. He's recently recovered from being a "scurvy dog." "Death will rise, from the tides!" He keeps earthinating the countryside despite attempts to stop him. Loatheb used to be a simple Bog Beast.  This is why we need stricter regulations on mining and agriculture. We ran out of space for "DOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!" Arachnofauxbia: Fear of fake spiders. Baron Geddon was Ragnaros's foremost lieutenant, until he got FIRED. The roots, the roots, the roots is on fire! "You'll <i>love</i> my new recipe!" he says... especially if you're not happy with your current number of limbs. If you are thinking about visiting Moonbrook, you better roll deep. At first he liked juggling chain saws, but then he thought, "Flames are better!  Because FIRE!" Rend believes he is the True Warchief of the Horde and he keeps editing the wikipedia page for "Warchief of the Horde" to include his picture. The Shades of Naxxramas <i>hate</i> the living. They even have a slur they use to refer them: <i>Livers</i>. 50% off fist weapons, limited time only! Spawn of the Light? Or Pawn of the Lights? She's actually a male tauren.  People don't call him "Master of Disguise" for nothing. This soul just <i>wails</i> on you. Dang, soul, let up already. If she had studied harder, she would have been a C+ witch. The Dark Animus is evil and mysterious and huge and unable to write sentences that utilize proper grammar. Summoning a doomguard is risky. <i>Someone</i> is going to die. Tauren Warrior: Champion of Mulgore, Slayer of Quilboar, Rider of Thunderbluff Elevators. Bane of spellcasters and spelling bees everywhere. Nat Pagle, Azeroth's premier fisherman!  He invented the Auto-Angler 3000, the Extendo-Pole 3000, and the Lure-o-matic 2099 (still in testing). Some druids still have flashbacks from strangers yelling "Innervate me!!" at them. It's like birth, except you're an adult and you were just dead a second ago. He's been exiled from his home, and all his brothers turned evil, but otherwise he doesn't have a lot to complain about. The longbow allows shots to be fired from farther away and is useful for firing on particularly odorous targets. It is said that some shaman can say "Floatin' totem" 10 times, fast. Don't tell Soggoth, but in the future he gets totally owned by the Master's Glaive and his skull becomes a tourist attraction. There used to be five Horsemen but one of them left because a job opened up in the deadmines and the benefits were better. Ok, Initiate. You need to settle down and do your job. In this case, that means die so someone else can get a minor buff. Having Arcane golems at home really classes up the place, and as a bonus they are great conversation pieces. He's a very hungry elemental. A step up from a spell cast by many beginning acolytes: "Shadow Word: Annoy". "No, no, no. I asked for a tiny JESTER of evil." You have chosen poorly. Just doesn't understand those Twilight Youngsters any more - with their comic books and their rock music. Mere devilsaurs no longer excite him.  Soon he'll be trying to catch Onyxia with only a dull Krol Blade. Ice is nice, and will suffice! He can summon anything, even a FEARSOME DOOMGUARD*.
*He's pretty sure this is going to work out. What's more boss than riding a parrot with a jawbone for a shoulderpad while wielding a giant hook-lance-thing and wearing a pirate hat?  NOTHING. Was actually a pretty nice guy before, you know, the whole Lich King thing. Wintergrasp Keep's only weakness! When all else fails, nothing beats a swift whack upside the head. He used to be a librarian.  Old habits die hard. It was just a flesh wound. He is the weakest of the four Elemental Lords.  And the other three don't let him forget it. "Four out of three orcs struggle with math." - Angry Zurge Think of them as bullets for your dragon gun. Very dangerous when attached to a demonbomb. Virtually every member of the pro demon lobby is a warlock. Weird. What do Faerie Dragons and Spectral Knights have in common?  They both love pasta! She's quite jealous of the Gallon-Sized Summoner. The Grand Tournament has a "No dragons allowed" policy, but it's rarely enforced. Competition can be an inspiration to improve oneself.  Or kill all the competitors. When pirates say there is no "Eye" in "team," they are very literal about it. What happens when you glue a buncha totems together. You have no idea how tired this guy is of being released. You have to get past the vendors first.  So many are lost to shopping... If an Amani berserker asks "Joo lookin' at me?!", the correct response is "Nah, mon". Grunting is what his father did and his father before that.   It's more than just a job. This is Rank 1.  Rank 2 is Chocolate Milk Barrier. The box says, "New and improved, with 200% more fel!" I'm offering you a bargain here!  This amazing vacuum cleaner for your soul! But the minion arrives covered in goo. Is the sky falling?  Yes.  Yes it is. What are the qualifications for being a 'Horror?'  Just how horrible do you have to be? Consecrated ground glows with Holy energy.  But it smells a little, too. When he's working out, he binds all that rage back into a ponytail. "Cobra Shot" hurts way, way, way more than "Cobra Cuddle." The only thing worse than smelling troggs is listening to their poetry. A veteran of a number of crusades, she is a force for light and goodness.  Her latest crusade is against goblin telemarketers. BOOM BABY BOOM!  BAD IS GOOD!  DOWN WITH GOVERNMENT! Accuracy is not a highly valued trait among the mok'nathal.  Deadliness is near the top, though. We are pretty excited about the upcoming release of Dire Wolf Beta, just repost this sign for a chance at a key. In addition to fluent Common, he also speaks fourteen dialects of 'mrgl'. Yes, he'll fight for you.  BUT HE'S NOT GOING TO LIKE IT. Pull the pin, count to 5, then shoot.  Then duck. No one's quite sure why it's forbidden. And yes, that should make you nervous. His second greatest regret is summoning an evil Firelord who enslaved his entire people. We cannot even describe how horrible the death is.  It's CRAZY bad!  Maybe worse than that.  Just don't do it. It doesn't matter how pious you are.  Everyone needs a good smiting now and again. Don't worry; we fired the person who named this card. * Not actually Jaraxxus' fist. For the times when a regular bazooka just isn't enough. "I'm going to need you to come in on Sunday." - Cruel Taskmaster “That belongs in the Hall of Explorers!” A result of magical experiments carried out by the Black Dragonflight, it's not his fault that he's a vicious killer. A grammatically awkward life saver. Coming soon... to a tuskarr village near you! He just wants people to see his vacation photos. You might think bashing doesn't take a lot of practice.  It doesn't. "honey, can u run down to the store and pick up some 10 cost minions? thx" Real hunters tame hungry crabs. He's in charge of the Annual Scarlet Monastery Blood Drive! 8 Health, no waiting. Prince Malchezaar was a collector of rare weapons. He'd animate them and have them dance for him. Sure, they're ugly, but they live in tunnels.  You try your beauty routine without natural light. He can see really far, and he doesn't use a telescope like those filthy pirates. His dreams of flying and breathing fire like his idol will never be realized. Keeping tabs on the Grand Tournament is priority #1 for the five mighty Dragonflights! Won't you take me to... Tinkertown? It dispels buffs, powers, hopes, and dreams. He's currently trying to craft a "flail-axe", but all the other swordsmiths say it can't be done. Minion get ANGRY.   Minion SMASH! That's right. Garrosh just slapped you to death with a tentacle. I wouldn't say I LOVE knives, but I'm definitely a fan. It's the same as the previous generation but they slapped the word "upgraded" on it to sell it for double. Edward "Lefty" Smith tried to make luggage out of a river crocolisk once. You no take tentacle! Once upon a time, only goblins piloted shredders. These days, everyone from Doomsayer to Lorewalker Cho seems to ride one. It isn't clear if people ignore the Lightwell, or if it is just invisible. Almost went to play for Stormwind before signing with Undercity. With the help of his trusty sidekick Dreadscale, the giant jormungar Acidmaw is ready to face any knight! Other beasts totally dig hanging out with timber wolves. Do Murlocs ever get tired of making the same old sound?  Nope!  Mrglglrglglglglglglgl! If you hear someone yell, "Cannonball!" you're about to get wet. Or crushed. Imps like being on fire.  They just do. A-1 and A-2 went nuts, when they should have gone bolts. He used to be called Bog Beast, but it confused people because he wasn't an actual beast.   Boom, New Name! Let's be clear about this:  ACIDMAW is the sidekick. King Mukla wanders Jaguero Isle, searching for love. There is no beast more frightening (or ridiculous) than a fully enraged chicken. "Ready! Aim! Drink!" He got his name when he gave Blackwing some comic books and rock & roll records. He and Mountain Giant don't get along. WARNING: DO NOT TOUCH THE PURPLE BALL OF LIGHTNING No Job is too big.  No fee is too big. After the guild broke up, he could no longer raid the tombs. Theme song by Ellie Goldfin and Blagghghlrlrl Harris. "That's a 50 DKP minus!" Never wash your whites with a Scarlet Crusader. Menu:  Funnel cakes, carrots, popcorn, jormungar steaks.  It's hard serving a diverse clientele. Cairne was killed by Garrosh, so... don't put this guy in a Warrior deck.  It's pretty insensitive. - The yetis of Chillwind Point are a source of both inspiration and savage beatings. The Overmind and the Old Gods are surprisingly similar. Filling your Ghouls with Rocket Fuel is all the rage at Necromancer school. Really feels good about himself and is in a much better place now. But… he sure does miss piloting those shredders. Nobody expects the Vilefin Inquisition! When the ground is on fire, you should <i>not</i> stop, drop, and roll. "Look, it's not just about waving daggers around really fast.  It's a lot more complicated than that." - Shan, Rogue Trainer "I'm gonna light you up, sweetcheeks!" Still hunting for the ones who earthed him. When a bear rears back and extends his arms, he's about to Swipe!  ... or hug. Demonfire is like regular fire except for IT NEVER STOPS BURNING HELLLPPP Rogues conceal everything but their emotions.  You can't get 'em to shut up about feelings. Volcanic Drakes breathe lava instead of fire. The antacid vendor at Thorium Point does a brisk business with them. His enhancements are gluten free! "Poisonseed Bagel" is the least popular bagel at McTiggin's Druidic Bagel Emporium. She carries a shield, but only so she can give it to someone she can stand behind. The denizens of Azeroth have no idea how much work goes into stabilizing portals.  We spend like 30% of GDP on portal upkeep. It's like a backstab, only from the front. And with two more stabs. Ironically, the natural enemy of the snobold is THE CANDLE. Have you seen the size of the shields in this game??  This is no easy job. The talk around the Ratchet Inn is that this card is too good and should be a Legendary. He thought the set was called "Flippers of the Old Cods" and hungrily volunteered to be in it.  He is definitely going to get his hearing checked. Rejected names: Forty-Foot Faceless, Big ol' No-face, Huge Creature Sans Face, Teddy. This card causes double the trouble AND double the fun. Gazlowe was voted "Most Likely to Explode" in high school. "Cast Moonfire, and never stop." - How to Be a Druid, Chapter 5, Section 3 Carrion, my wayward grub. This card is boaring. The elements respond to anyone who calls them for a worthy cause, even if you call them by yelling, "MRGHRGLGLGL!" If he's raging now, just wait until he gets nerfed. Druids call it the "Mark of Nature."  Everyone else calls it "needing a bath." For his next trick, he turns the ichor back to blood and stuffs it back in you. Adorable.  Immune to Magic.  Doesn't pee on the rug.  The perfect pet! This spell is useful for burning things.  If you're looking for spells that toast things, or just warm them a little, you're in the wrong place. HATES being called "the wonder twins". You can rationalize it all you want, it's still a mean thing to do. Don't bother asking her out on a date.  She'll shoot you down. The Twisting Nether is a formless place of magic and illusion and destroyed minions. Even your flavor text has been deleted. Dang. The Silver Hand is the best paladin organization.  The Argent Crusaders are super jealous. They always have a spare flask of Sunwell Energy Drink™! You'd think you'd be able to control your missiles a little better since you're a powerful mage and all. He really just wants to be your friend, but the constant rejection is starting to really get to him. "Are you interested in... HEALTH benefits?!" He led the Stonemasons in the reconstruction of Stormwind, and when the nobles refused to pay, he founded the Defias Brotherhood to, well, <i>deconstruct</i> Stormwind. They were the inspiration for the championship Taurenball team: The Dragonhawks. She loves mana crystals, she hates mana crystals.   So fickle! "Reforestation" is suddenly a terrifying word. It's like being able to play with THREE angry chickens! Mind Control technology is getting better, but that's not saying much. Shields were invented because Face Block is USELESS. Han shot first. How is this supposed to work?  Your enemies think, "<i>Hey!</i> Cute sheep!" and run over to cuddle it? "Ok C'Thun, repeat after me: 'Your mother was a hamster.'" If you love getting your face punched, come to the Grim Guzzler! The mastiff giggles if you don't hit any ducks. These wyrms feed on arcane energies, and while they are generally considered a nuisance rather than a real threat, you really shouldn't leave them alone with a bucket of mana. Rumor has it that Deathwing brought about the Cataclysm after losing a game to this card.  We may never know the truth. It starts with stealing a pen from work, and before you know it, BOOM!  Corrupted! The Kor'kron are the elite forces of Garrosh Hellscream. Let's just say you don't want to run into these guys while wearing a blue tabard. Don't worry.  With a little skin cream he's going to clear right up. Their wings are silent but their screech is... whatever the opposite of silent is. The Frostwolves are locked in combat with the Stormpike Expedition over control of Alterac Valley.  Every attempt at peace-talks has ended with Captain Galvangar killing the mediator. He just wants a hug.   A sloppy... slimy... hug. "Does anyone have some extra Boar Pelts?" The Faceless Ones are servants of Yogg-Saron, and they feed on fear. Right now they are feeding on your fear of accidentally disenchanting all your good cards. Hey you two…could you stand next to each other for a second… Hates when N'Zoth yells "Ahoy Matey!!", but there's not really much he can do about it.  You probably should avoid siphoning your own soul.  You might create some kind of weird infinite loop. This guy is excellent at adjusting your haircut and/or height. If you don't pay attention, you may be turned into a pig.  And then you get your name on the board. Gallywix believes in supply and demand. He supplies the beatings and demands you pay up! It takes a special kind of hunter to venture deep into a firey lava pit and convince a monster who lives there to come home and be a cuddly housepet. Good idea: Buffing your minions.  Bad idea: Starting a conversation in the Barrens. He needed a break after that business in the Vale of Eternal Blossoms. Naturally, he chose to spend his vacation in an icy snowscape killing monsters. Why did it have to be snakes? Takes way better care of her pets than her brother, Unstablemaster. It's always Huffer. Spoiler alert: Bolvar gets melted and then sits on an ice throne and everyone forgets about him. The REAL angry chicken! Less serious than its cousin, the Grave Spider. There's something about this strike that just feels off.  Sinister, even. You see, it's all about <i>throughput</i>. Not to be confused with Jim of the Wild. Apprentices are great for bossing around.  "Conjure me some mana buns! And a coffee!  Make that a mana coffee!" Add two cups of Blood of the Ancient One to one cup of lemon juice. Add just a dash of sugar and stir. Delicious! Justice sometimes takes the form of a closed fist into a soft cheek. Stalagg want to write own flavor text.  "STALAGG AWESOME!" It's amazing what you can do with super glue! She sees into your past and makes you face your fears.  Most common fear:  Getting Majordomo out of Sneed's Old Shredder. Generally demons are pretty obvious and you don’t need a spell to sense them. Don't blink!  Don't turn your back, don't look away, and DON'T BLINK. The stripes make it look like a candy cane, but we recommend against licking it. The promise of glory is a powerful tool to get minions to do your bidding.  Only slightly less powerful than the promise of an ice cream bar! This Ancient was banned from the local tavern after tucking a 'Dr. Boom' up its sleeve. He stole the deed to town years ago, so technically the town <i>is</i> his. He just calls people Scrub to be mean. He was obsessed with explosives until he discovered knitting. Now he yells, “SWEATERS! MORE SWEATERS!” This is what happens when you allow goblins to be priests. There was some hard talk between gnome magi and engineers about inventing this mech. He's legitimately surprised every time he turns himself into a chicken. Apparently with wisdom comes the knowledge that you should probably be attacking every turn. Amberweaving is a specialty course at the local trade school. He can never take a bath. Ewww. If you haven't heard the Tirion Fordring theme song, it's because it doesn't exist. Always roll need. His mother said that he was just big boned. He was sent by the Lich King to disrupt the Argent Tournament.   We can pretty much mark that a failure. Given the number of kings who have been assassinated, are you sure you want their blessing? Turns out divine shields are way cheaper if you buy in bulk. U da man!  No, U da man! If a bright light shines on a priest in Shadowform… do they cast a shadow? Sure the extra protection is nice, but the shield really reduces visibility. What did you expect to happen?  He's a Spawn.  Of Shadows. She'll craft you a sword, but you'll need to bring her 5 Steel Ingots, 3 Motes of Earth, and the scalp of her last customer. If you strike him down, he shall become more powerful than you can possibly imagine. Always manages to mention "Back when I was creating the World Tree…" in EVERY conversation. Sheesh! Enough already. And he can't get up. Murloc.  It's what's for dinner. But goes by "Ravishing Ghoul" when he hits the club. We are all special unique snowflakes... with 1 Health. Not so much "corrupted" as "has terrible aim". Deals damage when he croaks. Calling the mist doesn't sound all that great.  "Ooooh, it is slightly damp now!" This robot is a lean, mean, butlerin' machine. She would enjoy the job a lot more if she just could get the imps to QUIT BITING HER. This would be real handy if your enemy is made of rock. "ME HAVE GOOD STATS FOR THE COST" SEE YA DARKNESS! Hungry Hungry Dragon is NOT a fun game. He'll never admit it, but he pushes you hard because he really cares about you. He never sleeps.  Not even in the mighty jungle. He's tried other things, but bog sidling, bog ambling, and bog trundling just aren't as effective as bog creeping. It’s a self-reducing prophecy. A large part of her job entails not mixing up the Map to the Golden Monkey with the Map to Monkey Island. It's funny how often yelling "Look over there!" gets your opponent to turn around. Alexstrasza the Life-Binder brings life and hope to everyone.  Except Deathwing.  And Malygos.  And Nekros. Pirates and Parrots go together like Virmen and Carrots. The claw decides who will stay and who will go. Every month they share a pancake breakfast with the Perfectly Rational Worshippers. Medivh's echo haunts Karazhan, eternally cheating at chess and <i>Hearthstone</i>. Everyfin is cool when you're part of a murloc team! Reserved for enemy spellcasters, evil liches from beyond the grave, and karaoke nights at the Grim Guzzler. If she threatens to "moon" you, it's not what you think. "INFERNOOOOOOOOOO!" - Jaraxxus, Eredar Lord of the Burning Legion He's looking for a drummer.  The current candidates are: Novice Engineer, Sen'jin Shieldmasta', and Ragnaros the Firelord. There is a factory in Tanaris for crafting force-tanks, but it only ever made two, because of cost overruns. Just can't resist the opportunity to hang around with a bunch of totems. "Yarrrr" is a pirate word that means "Greetings, milord." These are the brainy murlocs.  It turns out that doesn’t mean much. Actually, C'Thun gives his full support for this ritual. He's stationed in the Hellfire Peninsula, but he's hoping for a reassignment closer to Orgrimmar, or really anywhere the ground is less on fire. The wonderful thing about tigers is tigers are wonderful things! The Kirin Tor reside in the floating city of Dalaran.  How do you make a Dalaran float?  Two scoops of ice cream, one scoop of Dalaran. He just closes his eyes and goes for it. Raarararrrarar! His imp gang likes to sneak into Stormwind to spraypaint "Ragnaros Rulez" on the Mage Tower. You can take away his humanity, but you will never take away his fishing pole. Mrrraggglhlhghghlgh, mrgaaag blarrghlgaahahl mrgggg glhalhah a bghhll graggmgmg Garrosh mglhlhlh mrghlhlhl!! They have an uneasy rivalry with the Blood Paladins. "Look, they fell off the back of a ship, do you want them or not? I have a meeting with Y'Shaarj in like ten minutes." Needs just a few more ratings points to become Grandmaster Jouster. Guardians of Dark Iron Ore.  Perhaps the most annoying ore, given where you have to forge it. It's adorable! AND OH MY GOODNESS WHY IS IT EATING MY FACE Who argent watches the Argent Watchman? The medic tournament is less entertaining than the Grand Tournament. They help the downtrodden and distressed.  Also they sell cookies. Harrison Jones was disappointed that he didn't get to be part of the League of Explorers, but his hat did. The Reliquary considers itself the equal of the League of Explorers.  The League of Explorers doesn't. "Be Prepared" - Rogue Motto "I'm bringing the guacamole!" – One of the most successful (yet rare) Silver Hand rallying cries The Blood Knights get their holy powers from the Sunwell, which you should NOT bathe in. Good fencers make good neighbors, right? She flitters around Ahn'Qiraj dreaming of the day she will meet a sweet prince, whom she can lay thousands of eggs with. They say that "grotesque is in the eye of the beholder," but that's just because they've never seen a Grotesque Dragonhawk. Yikes! The best part is the look on their face when you jump out of the cake! Err… corpse. That's short for "Anomnomnomnomalus". Mass production of warbots was halted when it was discovered that they were accidentally being produced at "sample size." "I'm cold blooded, check it and see!" They're really just in it for the Blood Parrot. Yogg-Saron always likes to complain about how he has too many servants and there are too many mouths to feed. The best part of buccaneering is the pants. Sometimes the Old Gods' corruptions gives you power untold, sometimes you get +1 Attack. We can’t all be winners in the Eldritch lottery. My advice to you is to avoid Doom, if possible. I walked into the dungeon and noticed a slain adventurer. In his final moments, he had scrawled out a message in the dust on the wall beside him. Two words: "rez plz" Chew your food! Double the trouble. Double the fun! Ogres have really terrible short-term chocolate. Sometimes he forgets and just wanders into someone else's game. The ethereals have their own jousting tournament, and Saraad is the reigning champion.  Also he won the ethereal hot dog eating contest. He claims it is an old war wound, but we think he just cut himself shaving. Roll ‘greed’ OR THIS COULD HAPPEN TO YOU. It isn't really a circle. He's almost been right so many times. He was <i>sure</i> it was coming during the Cataclysm. Will be really useful in the new "Hearthémon" game. Hey!  Let me try that... Flash!  Ahhhhhhh~ Hobgoblins are meeting next week to discuss union benefits.  First on the list: dental plan. Tinkmaster Overspark nearly lost his Tinker's license after the Great Ironforge Squirrel Stampede of '09. Clever girl! I personally prefer some non-ancestral right-the-heck-now healing, but maybe that is just me. Your face is the place you'd probably least like a dagger, and where rogues are most likely to deliver them. It's hard to make a living as a hunter in a world where beasts instantly reappear minutes after you kill them. It's like an ocean of liquid magma in your mouth! Druids who fought too long in Northrend were easily seduced by Ragnaros; a mug of hot chocolate was generally all it took. It traps your food AND cooks it for you! You must read the name of this card out loud each time you play it. Rogues are not good joggers. Yoink! Don't ask him about the beard.  JUST DON'T. A little better than Sea Minus Reaver. He's actually a 1/1 who picked up the hammer from the last guy. Wham! Wham! Wham! Wham! Wham! Wham! Wham! Wham! Take the time for an evil laugh after you draw this card. He’s not such a binge exploder anymore. These days, he only explodes socially. Feugen is sad because everyone likes Stalagg better. You thought Executus turned you into Ragnaros, but really Ragnaros was in you the whole time. Dang, Bomber, calm down. "Dun da dun, dun da dun": if you've heard an ogre sing this, it's too late. Totem-stomping is no longer recommended. Stranglethorn is a beautiful place to visit, but you wouldn't want to live there. They never get the recognition they deserve. Ragnaros interviews hundreds of Fire Elementals for the position of "Destroyer" but very few have what it takes. The Iron Juggernaut guards Orgrimmar and has just earned the "Employee of the Month" award! Here, Evil!  C'mon boy! He's Gruul "the Dragonkiller".  He just wanted to cuddle them… he never meant to…  Nominated as "Spell Most Likely to Make Your Opponent Punch the Wall." C'Thun demands a sacrifice! Preferably a Deathwing. Wait, what kind of acolyte doesn't wear a hood? Flamewakers HATE being confused for Flamewalkers. They just wake up fire, they don’t walk on it. Walking on fire is CRAZY. Warlocks have it pretty good. Illidan's brother, Malfurion, imprisoned him beneath Hyjal for 10,000 years.  Stormrages are not good at letting go of grudges. Who's a cute widdle N'Zoth? You are! Yes you are! Yes you're the cutest widdle N'Zoth in the whole world!!! Holy beings from the beyond are so cliché! Balance is important to druids.  This card is perfectly balanced. Goblins seldom have the patience for sniping. Most prefer lobbing explosives. "Annoyinger-o-Tron" was just too unwieldy. And accurate. Bile actually makes for surprisingly sturdy fins. It's more succinct than "Shadow Word: Suck Into Vortex." You don’t tame a Core Hound. You just train it to eat someone else before it eats you. Just try to avoid eye contact. Contains 75% more fiber than his brother Magni! Listen all y'all it's a saboteur! Young Night Elves love to play "Who can get the Ancient of War to Uproot?"  You lose if you get crushed to death. One Insane Rocketeer.   One Rocket full of Explosives.   Infinite Fun. Dragons breathe fire, sure, but did you know they can also breathe Cotton Candy?  It's harder to give them a reason to do that, though. He was so excited to get season tickets to this year's Grand Tournament.  He normally doesn't get them at first and has to buy them from Ogre scalpers. He has a giant collection of purses now.  One for every outfit! But not the lowliest! This card is the real thing. Just could not be talked out of using his turtle for the joust... If you are often bathed in Holy Light, you should consider wearing sunscreen. This is what happens when Rafaam stubs his toe unexpectedly. Hee hee!  Look at his cute little feet. Unlike bound elementals, Unbound ones really enjoy a night on the town. Warlocks have the town exorcist on speed dial in case they unleash the wrong demon. Foe reaping is really not so different from harvest reaping, at the end of the day. Gormok has been giving impaling lessons in a small tent near the tournament grounds.  For only 25g you too could learn the fine art of impaling! The trick is not to break the lance.  Otherwise, you have "Ice Pieces."  Ice Pieces aren't as effective. For when you didn’t combobulate quite right the first time around. "LUMOS!" is not what they yell. What do you think this is, Hogwarts? You never know who may be secretly working for the Cabal.... The Aldor hate two things: the Scryers and smooth jazz. Was petrified when it found out it didn't make the cut for Azerothean Idol. He gave her a promise ring and everything. Often wonders what path his life might have taken if he wasn't named, you know, "Eldritch Horror". Yo, that's a nice axe. She promises not to tell anyone about that thing you did last night with that one person. Turns out the tuskarr aren't real choosy about their totems. Every pirate uses the same four digits to access Automated Gold Dispensers.  It's called the "Pirate's Code". Why do its eyes seem to follow you as you walk by? This Kodo is so big that he can stampede by <i>himself</i>. Sometimes it's as simple as putting on a fake mustache and pointing at someone else. He likes to think he is powerful, but pretty much anyone can solo Molten Core now. Apparently it really was just a flesh wound. He may sound surly and antisocial, but he's actually just really shy. Back in her day, each shield weighed two tons and she had to carry four of them on each arm! After a while, you don't see the cogs and sprockets. All you see is a robot, a spider tank, a deathray... Most pandaren say his brew tastes like yak.  But apparently that's a compliment. Join the Argent Crusade!  We have attractive tabards and you get to carry really nice swords! It's not HER fault you didn't put a spinning saw blade on your horse. Druidic recycling involves putting plastics in one bin and enemy minions in another bin. He's a legend among murlocs.  "Mrghllghghllghg!", they say. Snap! This card! Pop! Hopes to be promoted to "Shadowfriend" someday. This guy gets crazy strong at family reunions. To operate, this contraption needs a hula doll on the dashboard. Otherwise it's just a “falling machine.” When Malorne isn't mauling hordes of demons, he enjoys attending parties, though he prefers to go stag. Velen wrote a "Lovely com.stazima.hearthgen.Card" for Tyrande with a picture of the Deeprun Tram that said "I Choo-Choo-Choose you!" The one time when duping cards won't get your account banned! If you're looking to make an "Emo" deck, this card is perfect! Someone did mess with Tuskerr once.  ONCE. The hardest part about doing a "Feign Death" convincingly is learning how to make the right smell. It takes a lot of commitment. An elegant gorilla, for a more civilized age. It's spells like these that make it hard for Warlocks to get decent help. Is this a noun or a verb?  We will never know. Never play 'Hide and Go Seek' with a Hunter. At least he has Angry Chicken. Earth Shock? Shouldn't it be "Azeroth Shock"? Simple, misguided, and incredibly dangerous. You know, like most things ogre. WARNING: This flame is not to be used unless you are a licensed acolyte of the Old Gods. He's the leader of the gnomes, and an incredible inventor.  He's getting better, too; He turns things into chickens WAY less than he used to. Malygos hates it when mortals use magic.  He gets so mad! If you want to stop a worgen from infiltrating, just yell, "No! Bad boy!" Once a lowly "Stick Flinger", he's been relentless on the path to his ultimate dream: "Tauren Flinger". The Sen'jin High football team is The Gahz'rillas. Grommash Hellscream's famous axe.  Somehow this ended up in Prince Malchezaar's possession.  Quite the mystery! Guardians used to be built out of Adamantium, but production got moved to Gadgetzan and Cobalt was cheap. Hyenas prefer the bones of kodos or windserpents, but they'll eat pretty much anything.  Even Brussels sprouts. He's very good at retrieving artifacts.  From other people's museums. Come at me, bro. This is who you go to when your Blackwing needs a tune up. Don't go to a cut rate Blackwing tune up shop! Orcish raiders ride wolves because they are well adapted to harsh environments, and because they are soft and cuddly. OOZE... Ooze... Ooze... (ooze...) Just mail him a package with a name and 10,000 gold.  He'll take care of the rest. What did the pits ever do to you? "Bear Carcass 1/10" A prime example of lose-lose negotiating. So you say you want an evolution. Well, you know. We all want to change the board. Time to write some flavor text. The inventor of the goblin shredder is involved in several patent disputes with the inventor of the soot spewer. Wait, how can you have a light in the dark?  If you turn on a light while it’s dark, doesn’t that mean it’s no longer dark? Yeah, I think we can agree that killing the squirming tentacle first is a good idea. You'll never guess what's in that conveniently bear-sized, bear-smelling box.  C'Thun's least favorite Hearthstone card: Eye for an Eye. What's cooler than being cool? Nobody rocks a monocle like Eadric. "I'm not saying you can dodge fireballs.  I'm saying with this shield, you won't have to." For the person who just cannot decide what card to put into a deck! WARNING.  WARNING.  WARNING. 2 out of 2 saplings recommend that you summon the saplings. So reaver. Much fel. Wow. Chillmaw keeps trying to ruin the Grand Tournament, and she would've done it too, if it weren't for those dang kids! "TRIFLING GNOME! YOUR ARROGANCE WILL BE YOUR UNDOING!!!!" They pretend to be wise and enlightened, but they mostly just hate to be left out of a secret. "Arf! Arf! Arf!" - Seal of Champions We like to call him "Wesley". He loves skulking. He skulks after hours just for the joy of it, but his friends are pretty worried he'll get burnt out. There is a high cost to Eviscerating your opponent:  It takes a long time to get blood stains out of leather armor. Don't leave them out in the rain. In Un'Goro Crater there is a whole colony of rust-tooth leapers. What happens when you try and corrupt a corrupted firelord? DOUBLE NEGATIVE, INSECT! Demons are not angry most of the time. You have to play this card in order to really bring it out of them. Onyxia long manipulated the Stormwind Court by disguising herself as Lady Katrana Prestor.   You would have thought that the giant wings and scales would have been a giveaway. Rexxar narrowed his eyes, grabbed his machine gun, and said: "It's go time.  Lock and load."
This card pays homage to that special moment. If you pay a little extra, you can get it in "candy-apple red." Someone called her a Rhinorider, and she's NOT HAPPY. NOT LESS THAN 1!  Don't get any ideas! The agents of SI:7 are responsible for Stormwind's covert activities.  Their duties include espionage, assassination, and throwing surprise birthday parties for the royal family. A good paladin has many tools.  Hammer of Wrath, Pliers of Vengeance, Hacksaw of Justice, etc. Yes, he's a demigod. No, he doesn't need to wear a shirt. pow POW pow The inventor of the Annoy-o-Tron was immediately expelled from Tinkerschool, Tinkertown, and was eventually exiled from the Eastern Kingdoms altogether. Guaranteed to have been owned by a real assassin.   Certificate of authenticity included. They're still embarassed about "The Deathwing Incident". Her sister is the Mistress of Pane who sells windows and shower doors. Ambitious Knife Jugglers sometimes graduate to Bomb Jugglers.    They never last long enough to make it onto a card though. Golce and Dabbana have a new line of Earth Totems available at vendors everywhere this holiday season. To be honest, heckling is not the most effective form of evil. The Curse is that you have to listen to "MMMBop" on repeat. Another one bites the dust. "Light it up!" - Command given to both Lightwardens and Goblins holding Flamecannons. "Dang, that's cold." - appropriate response to Freezing Trap, or a mean joke. "I only plunder on days that end in 'y'." Abominations enjoy Fresh Meat and long walks on the beach. If you want your wish granted, don't rub him the wrong way. Rogues are experts at SHIV-al-ry. The Coldlight murlocs reside in the darkest pits of the Abyssal Depths.  So no, there's no getting away from murlocs. C'mon Molten Giant!! If you put this into your deck, you WILL lose the trust of your other minions. No Pain, No Gain. It's like a pinata! A lame disgusting horrific pinata. "I think I'll just nap under these trees. Wait... AAAAAHHH!" - Blinkfizz, the Unfortunate Gnome "Hello, is Doom there? No? Can I leave a message?" Cat or Bear?  Cat or Bear?!  I just cannot CHOOSE! Harpies are not pleasant sounding.  That's the nicest I can put it. She may be an evil cult master, but she still calls her parents once a week. Never look a panther in the eye.  Or is it 'Always look a panther in the eye'?  Well, it's one of those. This massive yeti just closes his eyes and charges at the nearest target.  The nearest Target is a couple blocks away and has sick deals on skateboards. It's perfectly safe as long as you remember to put in air holes. Reno is a four-time winner of the 'Best Accessorized Explorer' award. The Argent Dawn stands vigilant against the Scourge, as well as people who cut in line at coffee shops. He's going to leave the dying up to you, if that's cool. Now with 100% more blast! The crowd ALWAYS yells lethal. They call him "Blackwing" because he's a black dragon...... and he's got wings. "What is that thing?!" "I'm not sure, but it seems to be sort of Y'sera shaped." Elekk jousting is AWESOME. Oh hey it's Mirror Image! !egamI rorriM s'ti yeh hO "Overheat threshold exceeded. System failure. Wheat clog in port two. Shutting down." Favored by shaman who study the art of restoration and healing, this spell would feel smug, if it had feelings. Make sure you summon a Twilight Marshmallowcaller too! Mmmm Mmm Mmm!! Spirit wolves are like regular wolves with pom-poms. No relation to "The Voidsteppers", the popular Void-based dance troupe. Totemsmiths like to use the rarest woods for their totems.  There are even rumors of totems made of Ironbark Protectors. Training Ogres in the art of spellcasting is a questionable decision. She really likes seeing people get better.  That's why she hurts them in the first place. Spellbreakers can rip enchantments from magic-wielders.  The process is painless and can be performed on an outpatient basis. MOMMMMMYYYYYYYYY!!! If you can't find a bomb to throw, just pick up any goblin invention and throw that. Healing is just something she does in her free time.  It's more of a hobby really. While it's fun to intercept enemy lightning bolts, a spellbender much prefers to intercept opposing Marks of the Wild.  It just feels meaner.  And blood elves... well, they're a little mean. If you combine it with Spooned Lightning and Knived Lightning, you have the full dining set. "Shhh, I think I hear something."
"Ah, it's probably nothing." - Every Henchman This is not just a favor, but a divine one, like helping someone move a couch with a fold out bed! He's a lot cooler than Magma Rager. Nothing beats rock. Sen'jin Villiage is nice, if you like trolls and dust. That's saberTEETH, not like curved pirate blades.  That's a different kind of druid.  Druid of the Curved Pirate Blades. A masterless shamurai. The Druids of the Fang live in the Wailing Caverns. They wear cool snake shirts and tell snake jokes and say "bro" a lot. All these guys ever do is talk about the Thunder King.   BOOOORRRINNG! When there's something strange (say, a gibbering demon) in your neighborhood, who are you going to call? I dub you Sir Loin of Beef! It could be worse.  It could be a Snake Pit. We will always remember you, "Defender!" Check it out.  You can do barrel rolls on this thing. Originally he was called "Anub'ar Guy who bounces a guy back to your hand", but it lacked a certain zing. Likes: Hiking and the great outdoors. Dislikes: Goblin shredders and sandals. (Can’t find any that fit!). Often followed by Holy Smokes! Despite the name, he's a solid conjurer. Left head and right head can never agree about what to eat for dinner, so they always end up just eating ramen again.